Hello Joseph,
You require a "work placement to attend this course, have you got one?  If you have one I will require proof, if not, you are not able to attend this course.
here is the invite to a course starting on 27/05/202

 Hi Joe
I can confirm that you have a place on the course starting on 27th May and we need you to find a work experience placement in a school local to you by week 2 of the course.

Best wishes

Ged Harnick. Learner & Partnership Manager, JCL Skills Solutions 
0330 0245 809, 07385 509785, ged.harnick@jclss.co.uk, www.jclskillssolutions.co.uk

Get in touch with Ged, seriously, get in touch with him, because I am making a formal complaint about your attitude.

Thank you for your interest in our Teaching Assistant Careers Programs. 

We have an online delivered Level 3 Teaching Assistant course starting on 27th May to help you start a career as a Teaching Assistant! 

If this message is not confirmation what is

The course is delivered online over Microsoft Teams as one tutor led session per week from 10am-2pm on Weednesdays alongside a work experience placement in a school (minimum of 1 day per week) and some self/home study.   The program runs over 24 weeks in total.

As this course is fully remote and available nationally, we ask students to find their own work placement as the course is very much a practical one based on evidence and observations of TA tasks/duties etc so it is important that the student makes this relationship with a school local to them.  They may even already have a relationship with that school if they have children or family who attend so this is always a good place to start.

The course is open to anyone in the UK aged 19+ who has lived in the UK for 3 or more years with permanent residency who has access to a computer, laptop or tablet.  The course is also open to all Ukraine nationals.

There are not many level 3 courses on offer at the moment and this level 3 has become the qualification required by schools/employers plus combined with the work experience, makes course finishers genuinely extra employable!
 See attached for a breakdown of course content
The  online Level 3 Teaching Assistant course is funded by an advanced learner loan (see attached ALL Key Facts leaflet for full information).

There should be no cost as no contribution is due until when you are in employment and you are earning over £26,000 per year.  As an average teaching assistant salary is around £23,000 per year, you would not meet this threshold.

Please confirm that you are happy to move forward on this basis using ALL funding and if so, I will send you further enrolment instructions. 

I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience as spaces are limited!


 ​If you have a safeguarding concern or need support, please contact us confidentially at supportme@jclss.co.uk